Fix: Corrected operator for Question 1 example (#9738)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/cdp/filter-out.md

## FAQ

### Q: How can I filter out events from unwanted hostnames or IP addresses?

> To filter out all traffic from hosts that are not (for example) `posthog.com`, you could use the following config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To filter out all traffic from hosts that are not (for example) `posthog.com`, you can use the following config:

```

  }
]
```

> Or, to filter out all traffic from a particular IP address, you could use a config like this example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Or, to filter out all traffic from a particular IP address, you can use a config like this:

```

Author: Ah, yes! Nice catch, thanks for removing that hedge. 😊
